src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:24:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'InsuranceQuote' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 39 (Highest = 38).
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:24:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'InsuranceQuote' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 39 (Highest = 38).
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:24:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'InsuranceQuote' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 48 (Highest = 47).
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:24:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'InsuranceQuote' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 48 (Highest = 47).
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:24:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:24:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'main(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 51.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'main(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 51.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'main' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 38.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'main' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 38.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'main(String)' has a NCSS line count of 212.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'main(String)' has a NCSS line count of 212.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	NcssMethodCount:	NcssMethodCount: The method main() has an NCSS line count of 212
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	NcssMethodCount:	NcssMethodCount: The method main() has an NCSS line count of 212
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'main' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 47.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:26:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'main' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 47.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'accNumReport' (lines '27'-'256').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'accNumReport' (lines '27'-'256').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'option' (lines '27'-'66').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'option' (lines '27'-'66').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'polNum' (lines '27'-'143').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'polNum' (lines '27'-'143').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'polNum' (lines '27'-'216').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'polNum' (lines '27'-'216').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'polNumReport' (lines '27'-'255').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'polNumReport' (lines '27'-'255').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'num' (lines '27'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'num' (lines '27'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'polNum' (lines '27'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'polNum' (lines '27'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:27:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:28:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'polReportPremium' (lines '28'-'262').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:28:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'polReportPremium' (lines '28'-'262').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:28:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'premium' (lines '28'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:28:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'premium' (lines '28'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:28:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:28:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '29'-'121').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '29'-'121').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '29'-'177').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '29'-'177').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '29'-'194').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '29'-'194').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '29'-'80').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '29'-'80').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'roleCode' (lines '29'-'47').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'roleCode' (lines '29'-'47').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '29'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '29'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'roleCode' is never used (overwritten on line 47)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:29:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'roleCode' is never used (overwritten on line 47)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'account' (lines '31'-'117').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'account' (lines '31'-'117').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'account' (lines '31'-'190').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'account' (lines '31'-'190').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'account' (lines '31'-'76').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'account' (lines '31'-'76').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'account' (lines '31'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'account' (lines '31'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:31:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'account' is never used (overwritten on lines 76, 117 and 190)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:31:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'account' is never used (overwritten on lines 76, 117 and 190)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:32:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'policyService' (lines '32'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:32:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'policyService' (lines '32'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'policyService' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'policyService' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'policyDetailsService' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'policyDetailsService' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like policyDetailsService
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like policyDetailsService
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polReportService' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polReportService' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accountService' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accountService' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '36'-'46').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '36'-'46').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:36:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'user' is never used (overwritten on line 46)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:36:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'user' is never used (overwritten on line 46)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:41:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:41:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:41:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:41:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:43:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '43'-'49').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:43:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '43'-'49').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:43:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'flag' is never used (overwritten on line 49)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:43:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'flag' is never used (overwritten on line 49)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:45:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:45:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:48:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:48:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:49:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:49:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:51:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:51:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:51:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:51:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:52:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:52:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:55:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:55:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:56:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:56:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:61:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:61:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:61:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:61:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:64:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:64:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:67:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:67:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:67:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:67:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:67:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:67:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:69:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:69:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bSeg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bSeg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:73:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:73:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'num' (lines '74'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'num' (lines '74'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:77:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:77:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:78:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:78:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:79:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:79:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:81:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:81:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:86:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:86:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol_list1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol_list1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:86:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'pol_list1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:86:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'pol_list1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:86:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_list1' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:86:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_list1' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:90:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:90:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:93:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:93:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polDataList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polDataList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:96:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:96:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:99:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "No account present for the user" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 99
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:99:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "No account present for the user" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 99
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:99:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:99:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:108:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:108:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:108:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:108:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:110:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:110:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bSeg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bSeg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:114:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:114:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'num' (lines '115'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'num' (lines '115'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:117:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:117:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:118:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:118:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:120:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:120:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:122:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:122:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:127:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:127:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj3' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj3' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accCheck' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accCheck' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj_ID' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj_ID' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:134:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'obj_ID' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:134:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'obj_ID' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:134:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'obj_ID' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:134:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'obj_ID' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'busiQuesID' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'busiQuesID' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ans' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ans' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:137:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:137:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:140:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:140:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:144:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:144:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:145:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:145:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:151:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:151:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol_list1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol_list1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:151:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'pol_list1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:151:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'pol_list1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:151:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_list1' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:151:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_list1' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName3' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName3' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:155:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:155:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polDataList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polDataList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:161:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:161:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:164:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:164:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:174:	MissingBreakInSwitch:	MissingBreakInSwitch: A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:174:	MissingBreakInSwitch:	MissingBreakInSwitch: A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:174:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:174:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:178:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:178:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:183:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:183:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bSeg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bSeg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:187:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:187:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:188:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'num' (lines '188'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:188:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'num' (lines '188'-'287').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:191:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:191:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:193:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:193:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:195:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:195:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:200:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:200:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj3' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj3' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName3' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName3' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accCheck' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accCheck' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:207:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj_ID' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:207:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj_ID' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:207:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'obj_ID' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:207:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'obj_ID' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:207:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'obj_ID' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:207:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'obj_ID' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:208:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'busiQuesID' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:208:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'busiQuesID' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ans' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ans' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:218:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:218:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:224:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:224:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol_list1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol_list1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:224:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'pol_list1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:224:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'pol_list1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:224:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_list1' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:224:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_list1' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName4' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName4' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:228:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:228:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polDataList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polDataList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:234:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:234:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:237:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:237:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:242:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:242:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol_list2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol_list2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:242:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'pol_list2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:242:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'pol_list2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:242:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_list2' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:242:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_list2' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName5' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName5' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:244:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:244:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polDataList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polDataList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:252:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:252:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:258:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:258:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:259:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polReport' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:259:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polReport' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:260:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'report' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:260:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'report' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:261:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:261:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:263:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:263:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:265:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:265:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:269:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:269:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:273:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:273:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:276:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:276:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:277:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:277:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:277:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/client/InsuranceQuote.java:277:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:7:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:7:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'accountCreation': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'accountCreation': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'beginTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'beginTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDao.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.persistence.Query'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.persistence.Query'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.persistence.Query'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.persistence.Query'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.hibernate.exception.ConstraintViolationException'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.hibernate.exception.ConstraintViolationException'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.hibernate.exception.ConstraintViolationException'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.hibernate.exception.ConstraintViolationException'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:12:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.PolicyQuestions'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:12:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.PolicyQuestions'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.PolicyQuestions'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.PolicyQuestions'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.UserCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.UserCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.UserCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.UserCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:17:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:17:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'acc' (lines '25'-'30').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'acc' (lines '25'-'30').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:31:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:31:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:32:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:32:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:32:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:32:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNumReport' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNumReport' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acReport' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acReport' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:45:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'acReport'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:45:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'acReport'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ac' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ac' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '51'-'54').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '51'-'54').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/AccountDaoImpl.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBusinessSegement': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBusinessSegement': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBusiName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBusiName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'viewBusiQuesId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDao.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'viewBusiQuesId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:12:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:12:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:22:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:22:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'choice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'choice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'busiName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'busiName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:32:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'busiName'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:32:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'busiName'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'businessName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'businessName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id_obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id_obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:43:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'id_obj' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:43:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'id_obj' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:43:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'id_obj' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:43:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'id_obj' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:45:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id_obj'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/BusinessSegmentDaoImpl.java:45:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id_obj'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/JPAUtil.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/JPAUtil.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/JPAUtil.java:7:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/JPAUtil.java:7:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/JPAUtil.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/JPAUtil.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/JPAUtil.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/JPAUtil.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/JPAUtil.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/JPAUtil.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/JPAUtil.java:17:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/JPAUtil.java:17:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'policyEntry': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'policyEntry': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'beginTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'beginTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPol': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPol': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolicy': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDao.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolicy': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.PolicyQuestions'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.PolicyQuestions'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.PolicyQuestions'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.PolicyQuestions'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:13:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:13:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'policy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'policy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'premium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'premium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:32:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'pol'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:32:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'pol'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:41:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'pol'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:41:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'pol'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'premium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'premium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rowsUpdated' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rowsUpdated' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:52:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:52:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDaoImpl.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'beginTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'beginTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:13:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'insertDetails': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:13:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'insertDetails': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:15:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolReport': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:15:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolReport': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:17:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'closeResources': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDao.java:17:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'closeResources': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:11:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:11:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'details' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'details' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:20:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '20'-'23').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:20:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '20'-'23').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNumReport' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNumReport' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:37:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'results'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:37:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'results'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyDetailsDaoImpl.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDao.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDao.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:11:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:11:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyListDaoImpl.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDao.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'dispPolQues': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDao.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'dispPolQues': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.persistence.TypedQuery'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.persistence.TypedQuery'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.persistence.TypedQuery'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.persistence.TypedQuery'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.BusinessSegment'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.BusinessSegment'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.BusinessSegment'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.BusinessSegment'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:13:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:13:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'busiQuesId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'busiQuesId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:26:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'results'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/PolicyQuestionsDaoImpl.java:26:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'results'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:7:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:7:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:7:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:7:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'entityManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uc1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uc1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:18:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'uc1'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:18:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'uc1'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:22:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '22'-'25').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:22:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '22'-'25').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'beginTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'beginTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitTransaction': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'closeResources': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/dao/UserDao.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'closeResources': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:14:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AccountCreation' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=5.263%, NOPA=0, NOAM=15, WMC=19)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:14:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AccountCreation' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=5.263%, NOPA=0, NOAM=15, WMC=19)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:27:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'userName'.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:27:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'userName'.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:28:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:28:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredStreet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredStreet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'businessSegment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'businessSegment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredStreet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredStreet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'businessSegment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'businessSegment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredStreet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredStreet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insuredZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'businessSegment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'businessSegment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accountNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accountNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/AccountCreation.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:15:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'Bus_Seg_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:15:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'Bus_Seg_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:15:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'Bus_Seg_Id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:15:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'Bus_Seg_Id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:15:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Bus_Seg_Id' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:15:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Bus_Seg_Id' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:16:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'Bus_Seg_Name' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:16:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'Bus_Seg_Name' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:16:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'Bus_Seg_Name' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:16:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'Bus_Seg_Name' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:16:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Bus_Seg_Name' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:16:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Bus_Seg_Name' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:17:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'Bus_Seg_Seq' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:17:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'Bus_Seg_Seq' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:17:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'Bus_Seg_Seq' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:17:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'Bus_Seg_Seq' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:17:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Bus_Seg_Seq' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:17:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Bus_Seg_Seq' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'bus_Seg_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'bus_Seg_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'bus_Seg_Name' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'bus_Seg_Name' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'bus_Seg_Seq' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'bus_Seg_Seq' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bus_Seg_Id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bus_Seg_Id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bus_Seg_Name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bus_Seg_Name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bus_Seg_Seq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bus_Seg_Seq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'bus_Seg_Id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'bus_Seg_Id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'bus_Seg_Name' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'bus_Seg_Name' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'bus_Seg_Seq' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'bus_Seg_Seq' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:35:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getBus_Seg_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:35:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getBus_Seg_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:38:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getBus_Seg_Name' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:38:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getBus_Seg_Name' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:41:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getBus_Seg_Seq' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/BusinessSegment.java:41:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getBus_Seg_Seq' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:20:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 23401 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:20:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 23401 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:26:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:26:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accountNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accountNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'policyPremium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/Policy.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'policyPremium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:25:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:25:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'answer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'answer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'answerWeightAge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'answerWeightAge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'policyNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'policyNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'questionDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'questionDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'questionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'questionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'answer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'answer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'answerWeightAge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'answerWeightAge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'questionDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyDetails.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'questionDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:11:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'PolicyQuestions' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=7.143%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=14)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:11:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'PolicyQuestions' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=7.143%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=14)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:16:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:16:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:16:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:16:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:17:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Seq' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:17:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Seq' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:17:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Seq' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:17:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Seq' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:18:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'bus_Seg_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:18:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'bus_Seg_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:18:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'bus_Seg_Id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:18:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'bus_Seg_Id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:19:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Desc' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:19:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Desc' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Desc' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Desc' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:20:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Ans1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:20:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Ans1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:20:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans1' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:20:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans1' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:21:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Ans2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:21:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Ans2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:21:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans2' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:21:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans2' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:22:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Ans3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:22:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Ans3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:22:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans3' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:22:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans3' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:23:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:23:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:23:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:23:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:24:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:24:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:25:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:25:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:27:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:27:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:29:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:29:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:33:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Seq' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:33:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Seq' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:37:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getBus_Seg_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:37:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getBus_Seg_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:41:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Desc' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:41:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Desc' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:45:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Ans1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:45:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Ans1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:49:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Ans2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:49:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Ans2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:53:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Ans3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:53:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Ans3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:57:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:57:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:61:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:61:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:65:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:65:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getPol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Desc' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Desc' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Desc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Desc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans1' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans1' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans2' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans2' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans3' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans3' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Desc' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:69:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Desc' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:70:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'bus_Seg_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'bus_Seg_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Desc' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Desc' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Seq' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Seq' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bus_Seg_Id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bus_Seg_Id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Desc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Desc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Seq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Seq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'bus_Seg_Id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'bus_Seg_Id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Desc' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Desc' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Seq' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:80:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Seq' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans1' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans1' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans1_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans2' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans2' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans3' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:81:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans3' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans2_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/PolicyQuestions.java:82:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_Ques_Ans3_weightage' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:11:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserCreation' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=9.091%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:11:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserCreation' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=9.091%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:19:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:19:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolecode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolecode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/entities/UserCreation.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/MismatchUserNameException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/MismatchUserNameException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/MismatchUserNameException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/MismatchUserNameException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/MismatchUserNameException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/MismatchUserNameException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/MismatchUserNameException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/MismatchUserNameException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/MismatchUserNameException.java:6:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/MismatchUserNameException.java:6:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NameException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NameException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NameException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NameException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NameException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NameException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NameException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NameException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NameException.java:6:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NameException.java:6:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NoUserFoundException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NoUserFoundException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NoUserFoundException.java:4:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NoUserFoundException.java:4:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NoUserFoundException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NoUserFoundException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NoUserFoundException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NoUserFoundException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NoUserFoundException.java:7:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/NoUserFoundException.java:7:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/PasswordCriteriaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/PasswordCriteriaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/PasswordCriteriaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/PasswordCriteriaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/PasswordCriteriaException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/PasswordCriteriaException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/PasswordCriteriaException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/PasswordCriteriaException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/PasswordCriteriaException.java:6:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/PasswordCriteriaException.java:6:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/UserNameException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/UserNameException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/UserNameException.java:4:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/UserNameException.java:4:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/UserNameException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/UserNameException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/UserNameException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/UserNameException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/UserNameException.java:7:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/UserNameException.java:7:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/WrongPasswordException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/WrongPasswordException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/WrongPasswordException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/WrongPasswordException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/WrongPasswordException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/WrongPasswordException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/WrongPasswordException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/WrongPasswordException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/WrongPasswordException.java:6:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/WrongPasswordException.java:6:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/ZipCodeException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/ZipCodeException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/ZipCodeException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/ZipCodeException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/ZipCodeException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/ZipCodeException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/ZipCodeException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/ZipCodeException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/ZipCodeException.java:6:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/exception/ZipCodeException.java:6:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInput': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInput': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBusinessSegment': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBusinessSegment': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'accountCreation': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'accountCreation': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInput': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInput': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:13:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'closeResources': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountService.java:13:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'closeResources': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the name field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the name field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'str_zip' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'str_zip' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_zip' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_zip' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the zip field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the zip field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:20:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:20:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the businessSegment field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the businessSegment field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'checkUser'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:21:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'checkUser'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the s1 field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the s1 field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:22:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:22:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:23:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:23:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:23:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:23:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the acc_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the acc_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:24:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:24:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'acc_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'acc_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'acc_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'acc_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the bs field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the bs field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bs
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bs
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ac field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ac field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:26:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:26:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the busi_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the busi_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:27:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:27:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:27:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'busi_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:27:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'busi_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:27:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'busi_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:27:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'busi_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:32:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:32:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:38:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:38:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:41:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:41:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:47:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getInput(UserCreation)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:47:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getInput(UserCreation)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:50:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:50:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:52:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:52:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:54:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:54:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:56:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:56:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:60:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:60:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:62:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:62:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'regex1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'regex1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'regex2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'regex2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:81:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matcher2' (lines '81'-'119').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:81:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matcher2' (lines '81'-'119').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:81:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:81:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'opt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'opt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:90:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:90:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:96:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:96:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:104:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:104:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:114:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:114:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ac' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ac' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:121:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'accountCreation(AccountCreation)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:121:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'accountCreation(AccountCreation)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:121:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/AccountServiceImpl.java:121:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDetails': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDetails': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPol': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPol': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:13:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolPremium': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:13:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolPremium': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:15:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolList': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:15:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolList': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:17:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolAccNum': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:17:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolAccNum': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:19:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'closeResources': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsService.java:19:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'closeResources': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the i field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the i field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'i'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'i'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the str_answer field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the str_answer field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'str_answer' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'str_answer' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'str_qId' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'str_qId' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'str_quesDesc' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'str_quesDesc' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_answer' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_answer' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_qId' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_qId' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_quesDesc' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:15:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_quesDesc' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pol_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pol_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:17:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:17:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:17:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:17:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:17:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:17:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the polDetails_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the polDetails_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:18:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'polDetails_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:18:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'polDetails_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:18:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'polDetails_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:18:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'polDetails_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the polQues_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the polQues_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:19:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:19:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:19:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'polQues_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:19:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'polQues_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'polQues_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'polQues_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pd field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pd field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'premium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'premium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'policy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'policy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:31:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:31:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:32:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:32:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:33:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'accNum'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:33:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'accNum'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ans' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ans' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'busiQuesID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'busiQuesID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pol_list' (lines '39'-'77').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pol_list' (lines '39'-'77').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol_list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol_list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:39:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'pol_list' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:39:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'pol_list' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:39:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_list' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:39:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_list' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'qId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:43:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:43:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'quesDesc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'quesDesc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:45:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:45:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:47:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:47:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'answer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'answer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:48:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:48:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'answerWeight' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'answerWeight' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:49:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:49:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:54:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:54:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'answer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'answer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:55:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:55:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'answerWeight' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'answerWeight' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:56:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:56:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:61:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:61:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'answer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'answer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:62:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:62:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'answerWeight' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'answerWeight' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:63:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:63:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:68:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:68:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:69:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:69:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:71:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:71:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'policy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'policy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:83:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'pol'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:83:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'pol'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'policy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'policy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polPremium' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polPremium' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'premium' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'premium' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:91:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'premium'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyDetailsServiceImpl.java:91:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'premium'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'policyList': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'policyList': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInput': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInput': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:13:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolCheck': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListService.java:13:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolCheck': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the uName field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the uName field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'checkUser'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'checkUser'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'uName'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:18:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'uName'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the polList_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the polList_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:19:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:19:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:19:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'polList_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:19:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'polList_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'polList_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'polList_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pol_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pol_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:21:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:21:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:21:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:21:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:21:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:21:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the acc_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the acc_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:22:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:22:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:22:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'acc_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:22:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'acc_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:22:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'acc_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:22:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'acc_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:25:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:25:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:32:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:32:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:36:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:36:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'policy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'policy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polCheck' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'polCheck' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:49:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyListServiceImpl.java:49:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.PolicyQuestions'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.PolicyQuestions'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.PolicyQuestions'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.PolicyQuestions'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:10:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:10:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'viewBusiQuesId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'viewBusiQuesId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'dispPolQues': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'dispPolQues': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:14:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInput': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:14:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInput': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'accCheck': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsService.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'accCheck': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the choice field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the choice field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'choice'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'choice'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'i'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'i'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'premium'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'premium'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'total'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'total'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the id field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the id field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'checkUser'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'checkUser'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'id'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'id'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'uName'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'uName'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:21:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ac field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ac field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:22:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:22:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:23:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pol_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:23:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pol_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:23:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:23:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:23:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:23:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:23:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:23:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the busi_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the busi_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:24:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:24:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'busi_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'busi_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'busi_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'busi_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the acc_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the acc_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:26:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'acc_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:26:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'acc_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:26:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'acc_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:26:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'acc_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:33:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:33:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:41:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:41:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'S1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'S1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:41:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'S1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:41:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'S1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:41:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like S1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:41:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like S1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:41:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'S1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:41:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'S1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:42:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:42:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:48:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:48:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:50:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:50:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ac' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ac' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:56:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:56:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'businessName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'businessName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'busiQuesId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'busiQuesId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol_list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pol_list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:63:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'pol_list' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:63:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'pol_list' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:63:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_list' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:63:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_list' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ans' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ans' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:66:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:66:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'val' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'val' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:68:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'val'.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:68:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'val'.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:71:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:71:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:71:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:71:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'S1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'S1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:71:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'S1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:71:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'S1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like S1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like S1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:71:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'S1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:71:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'S1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:74:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyQuestionsServiceImpl.java:74:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInput': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInput': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAccReport': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAccReport': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:14:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolReport': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportService.java:14:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPolReport': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the polDao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the polDao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:17:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:17:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the polDetailsDao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the polDetailsDao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the accDao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the accDao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:19:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:19:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:23:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:23:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:24:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:24:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum_report' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accNum_report' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'accNum_report' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'accNum_report' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'accNum_report' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'accNum_report' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:26:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'accNum_report'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:26:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'accNum_report'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNumReport' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNumReport' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNumReport' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyReportServiceImpl.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNumReport' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.UserCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.UserCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.UserCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.UserCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'policyEntry': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'policyEntry': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updatePremium': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updatePremium': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAcc': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyService.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAcc': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.UserCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.UserCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.UserCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.UserCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the totalPremium field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the totalPremium field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'accNum'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'accNum'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'totalPremium'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:11:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'totalPremium'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pol_service field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pol_service field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:12:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:12:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:12:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_service' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:12:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_service' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:12:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_service' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:12:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_service' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pol_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pol_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:13:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:13:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:13:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:13:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'pol_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:13:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:13:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pol_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the acc_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the acc_dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:14:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'acc_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:14:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'acc_dao' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:14:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'acc_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:14:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'acc_dao' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the policy field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the policy field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalPremium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalPremium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'polNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'premium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/PolicyServiceImpl.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'premium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'validateUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'validateUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:8:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:8:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'profileCreation': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'profileCreation': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInputCreate': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInputCreate': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInputCheck': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInputCheck': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:14:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInputChoiceInsured': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:14:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInputChoiceInsured': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInputChoiceAgent': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInputChoiceAgent': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:18:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInputChoiceAdmin': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:18:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInputChoiceAdmin': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:20:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'closeResources': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserService.java:20:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'closeResources': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.AccountCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.AccountCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:8:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.AccountCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:8:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.insurance.quote.entities.AccountCreation'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the userName field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the userName field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the opt field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the opt field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:17:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:17:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:17:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'opt'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:17:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'opt'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the s1 field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the s1 field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:18:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:18:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the uc1 field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the uc1 field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the uc2 field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the uc2 field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'str_pass' (lines '25'-'35').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'str_pass' (lines '25'-'35').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'str_role' (lines '25'-'40').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'str_role' (lines '25'-'40').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'str_role' (lines '25'-'43').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'str_role' (lines '25'-'43').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'str_user' (lines '25'-'36').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'str_user' (lines '25'-'36').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'str_pass' (lines '25'-'50').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'str_pass' (lines '25'-'50').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'str_role' (lines '25'-'50').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'str_role' (lines '25'-'50').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'str_user' (lines '25'-'50').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'str_user' (lines '25'-'50').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'str_pass' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'str_pass' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'str_role' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'str_role' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'str_user' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'str_user' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_pass' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_pass' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_role' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_role' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_user' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'str_user' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:26:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pass' (lines '26'-'50').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:26:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pass' (lines '26'-'50').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pass' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pass' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userName' (lines '27'-'50').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userName' (lines '27'-'50').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:39:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:39:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:43:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'str_role' (lines '43'-'50').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:43:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'str_role' (lines '43'-'50').
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:43:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:43:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:47:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:47:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:48:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:48:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:48:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'NoUserFoundException' branch
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:48:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'NoUserFoundException' branch
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:64:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:64:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:73:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:73:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:85:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:85:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:86:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:86:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:98:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:98:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:99:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:99:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:109:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getInputCheck()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:109:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getInputCheck()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:111:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:111:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:113:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:113:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:122:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:122:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:124:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:124:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:125:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:125:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:130:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:130:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:131:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:131:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:133:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:133:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password_regex' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password_regex' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:136:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'password_regex' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:136:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'password_regex' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:136:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'password_regex' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:136:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'password_regex' is not final.
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:140:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:140:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:148:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/insurance/quote/service/UserServiceImpl.java:148:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
